# HelloWorld
Hello World Readme guide tto bring all repositories in from Land Patent update project
I am 54 years of age, I have a vision deficit as a result of unuasual use of esxcessive force (chokehold( used during a riutine traffic infraction stop by SLO county deputy sheriffs Jan. 12, 2012
since accident maintain a current status as a Commercial and Government Entity (CAGE#5XT25) Exclusive Home CXare Services INC. (NPI#1235403080) 
EXCLUSIVE HOME CARE SERVICES IS A GSA SMART-PAY Contractor qualified to provide commercial bank ecommerce as A/OPC and AO roles.
I am the heir of Miguel Avila, a historical member of providing records filing procedures and completing a private claim (PLC 309) action brought against the United States succeeding the Mexican-American War  in 1851.
Miguel Avila was finally confirmed as true and correct record title holder in fee to 14, 194.50 Acre Spanish Land Grant, RANCHO SAN MIGUELITO AVILA GRANT (PLC 309) ON Feb. 23, 1877.
The Land Patent (SN:CACAAA103225) received public acknowledgement from a final decree rendered in the matter, Miguel Avila (Judgement Creditor), v. The United States of America (Judgement Debtor) Case SD 37-LC-215) as a result on Appeal handed down from the Ninth Circuit U.S. Supreme Court of Appeals to Affirm the determination made by U.S. District Court for The Southern District Court of Calififornia in 1857.
The land Patent is the true and correct title to the place called San Miguelito, in which I perfected the claim December 10, 2015 having accepted the judgement decree for the final Distribution in Redemption of decedent, Miguel Avila, private domiciliary estate property.
Projects I have started and subsequent projects initiated from private/public bills, congressional acts, treaties, final decrees, proposed judgements, stipulations, final rulings, private letter, comments Orders and supplemental filings by private/public organizations, global financial instititutions and community development stakeholders, Banks, Contractors, State, County, City, Districts and memberf boards, directors, officers and governing officials employed thereof (hereinafter third person) regarding the Remedy, Remittance, Redress, Reimbursement, Redemption, Recovery and Refund settlement in accordance with original agreement between the only parties with an interest in and to the historical land grant made patent Feb. 23, 1877 and Cost of all projects adjusted to the Gross of decedents Estate for purposes of Death Tax Liability, Title 26 U.S. Code 303, 26 CFR 1,  
Third parties agree and are subject to provisions stipulated in accordance with original jurisdiction of the courts, its final decrees, orders, stipulations and rulings, of original claim dates,
Main private repository data files reccords maintained by NARA. The Master Death Files, and archived securities, stoks, investments and depository treasury bonds from archived journal bank records, transactions and land bank files, including repository private libraries, BANCROFT, (Berkley College) Land Commissioners of California Surveyor General  Dept. of Interior BLM, Central Land Offices)
Projects include, IRS FINAL RULING PUBLICATION Date: 09/04/2020, Agencies: Internal Revenue Services (https://www.federalregister.gov/agencies/internal-revenue-service) FEDERAL REGISTER, Document Type-Rule, Document Citation: 85 FR 55185, Page:55185-55190 CFR: 26 CFR 1, Docket Number TD 9906, BILLING CODE: 4830-01-P,  NUCLEAR DECOMMISSIONING FUNDS,
FEDERAL BANKING AUTHORITY ORDER 10/05/2020, EXEMPTING certain financial institutions from required CIP BSA FinCEN Compliance Regulations.
It is my Obligation as Executor Officer, having a Fiduciary duty owed to the United States of America and Rancho San Miguelito AVILA, Estate of Miguel Avila, Heirs and Assigns Forever, pursuant 31st Congress Session II Chapter 41 Section 15, March 3, 1851. 
